# ImageService
**Image Service** - program package which consist of server part and some utilities for client. This soft created only for improving my program skills. All this works as follows:
- At first through utility "**Packer.exe**" (which may be installed on the PC) we can generate "Setup.exe" for installing complex of utilities on another PC. This utilities can make and send screenshots after recieving request from the server and also can send information about all pressed buttons on current PC to the server. During generating with using "Packer.exe", user should set only IP and port where all information from current PC will be send.
- Using "**Image Server.exe**" allow to install server on your PC which make monitoring clients who installed utilites from the first punkt in real time. This server is able to get screenshots from clients PCs and information about all pressed buttons on keyboard.
# How Client Utilities Work
After installing "Setup.exe" file which was generated using "**Packer.exe**" on client PC creates Windows service which names "ImageService". This service automatically starts in the context of the system after turning on the PC. Then service  runs app "bReader.exe" which runs in the context of the current PC user and make monitoring of all pressed buttons on keyboard and then sends this information to the server. Also ImageService after receiving concretical command from server runs app "loop.exe" in the context of the current PC user. "loop.exe" makes screenshot and sends it to server. Taking screenshots engine was written by using GDI+.
# Important information
After generating Setup file and setting information about IP and port for correct networking necessary customize server app ports correctly. Client app sends screenshots to the specified port but information about pressed buttons sends to the port, which is one less than specified. So you have to consider this nuance if you use port forwarding on your server because of it receives screenshots from specified port but information about pressed buttons it receives from another port, which is one less than specified. For example:
You set port 7777 for client. So screenshots will be sending to port 7777 but information about pressed buttons will be sending to port 7776.
